Update docs to reflect recent changes. (#285)
Bit-Quill/opensearch-project-sql: docs/user/general/datatypes.rst

+--------------+------+-------+---------+------+-------+--------+---------+--------------+------+--------+-----------+------+------+----------+----------+-----------+-----+--------+-----------+---------+

> |    STRING    |   E  |   E   |    E    |   E  |   E   |    E   |    IE   |       X      |   X  |   N/A  |     IE    |   IE |   IE |     IE   |     X    |     X     |  X  |    X   |     X     |    X    |

Reviewer: Is it stated anywhere what `E`, `IE`, and `X` stand for? Also what is the implication of a blank space and how is it  different than having an `X`?

Author: Yes, please see under that table. The wording is not very clear, so if you have ideas how to improve it - welcome!

Reviewer: It was just cut of from my view, after reviewing it the table makes perfect sense, thank you.

Date and Time Data Types
========================

> The date and time data types represent temporal values and the SQL plugin supports types including ``DATE``, ``TIME``, ``DATETIME``, ``TIMESTAMP`` and ``INTERVAL``. By default, the OpenSearch DSL uses ``date`` type as the only date and time related type as it contains all information about an absolute time point. To integrate with SQL language each of the types other than timestamp hold part of the temporal or timezone information. This information can be used to explicitly clarify the date and time types reflected in the datetime functions (see `Functions <functions.rst>`_ for details), where some functions might have restrictions in the input argument type.

Reviewer: Why is date and time called out as temporal values? What exactly is it that makes it different from DATETIME, TIMESTAMP, and INTERVAL?

Author: As I understand `date and time data types` is equal to `datetime types` which are ``DATE``, ``TIME``, ``DATETIME``, ``TIMESTAMP`` and ``INTERVAL``.

Reviewer: Ah so it's basically saying that the types `DATE` and `TIME` are the basis that make up all other `DATETIME` types, got it.

> The date and time data types represent temporal values and the SQL plugin supports types including ``DATE``, ``TIME``, ``DATETIME``, ``TIMESTAMP`` and ``INTERVAL``. By default, the OpenSearch DSL uses ``date`` type as the only date and time related type as it contains all information about an absolute time point. To integrate with SQL language each of the types other than timestamp hold part of the temporal or timezone information. This information can be used to explicitly clarify the date and time types reflected in the datetime functions (see `Functions <functions.rst>`_ for details), where some functions might have restrictions in the input argument type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The datetime types supported by the SQL plugin are ``DATE``, ``TIME``, ``DATETIME``, ``TIMESTAMP``, and ``INTERVAL``, with date and time being used to represent temporal values. By default, the OpenSearch DSL uses ``date`` type as the only date and time related type as it contains all information about an absolute time point. To integrate with SQL language each of the types other than timestamp hold part of the temporal or timezone information. This information can be used to explicitly clarify the date and time types reflected in the datetime functions (see `Functions <functions.rst>`_ for details), where some functions might have restrictions in the input argument type.
```

Slightly awkward sentence here, maybe changing the sentence around like this would make it read easier.

> The date and time data types are the types that represent temporal values and SQL plugin supports types including ``DATE``, ``TIME``, ``DATETIME``, ``TIMESTAMP`` and ``INTERVAL``. By default, the OpenSearch DSL uses ``date`` type as the only date and time related type, which has contained all information about an absolute time point. To integrate with SQL language, each of the types other than timestamp is holding part of temporal or timezone information, and the usage to explicitly clarify the date and time types is reflected in the datetime functions (see `Functions <functions.rst>`_ for details), where some functions might have restrictions in the input argument type.

Reviewer 2: What is the purpose of this file? Do we need to go into implementation details? Wondering if OpenSearch DSL info is irrelevant to users

Author: I have no answer...
But I have to update this file to keep it up to date.

Conversion from TIME
>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

> - When time value is converted to any other datetime types, the date part of the new value is filled up with today's date. For example, (like `CURDATE` function); a time value X converted to a timestamp would produce today's date at time X.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When time value is converted to any other datetime types, the date part of the new value is filled up with today's date, like with the `CURDATE` function. For example, a time value X converted to a timestamp would produce today's date at time X.
```

I think the grammar here might be a little bit off, the placement of the parentheses were a tiny bit off and I don't believe a semicolon should be placed as it it was.

> - When time value converted to any other datetime types, the date part of the new value is filled up with today's date. For example, a time value converted to date would produce today's date (like `CURDATE` function); a time value X converted to a timestamp would produce today's date at time X.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- When time value is converted to any other datetime types, the date part of the new value is filled up with today's date. For example, (like `CURDATE` function); a time value X converted to a timestamp would produce today's date at time X.
```

                    "type" : "date",
                    "format": "hour_minute_second"
                },
                "date4" : {
                    "type" : "date"
                },
                "date5" : {
                    "type" : "date",
                    "format": "yyyy-MM-dd || time"
                }
            }
        }
    }

Querying such index will provide a response with ``schema`` block as shown below.

.. code-block:: json

    {
        "query" : "SELECT * from date_formats LIMIT 0;"
    }

.. code-block:: json

    {
        "schema": [
            {
                "name": "date5",
                "type": "timestamp"
            },
            {
                "name": "date4",
                "type": "timestamp"
            },
            {
                "name": "date3",
                "type": "time"
            },
            {
                "name": "date2",
                "type": "timestamp"
            },
            {
                "name": "date1",
                "type": "date"
            },
        ],
        "datarows": [],
        "total": 0,
        "size": 0,
        "status": 200
    }

String Data Types
=================

> A string is a sequence of characters enclosed in either single or double quotes. For example, both 'text' and "text" will be treated as string literal. To use quote characters in a string literal, you can use two quotes of the same type as the enclosing quotes or a backslash symbol (``\``)::

Reviewer 4: <3

We might want to include an example of `'I''m'` also converting to `I'm` (if the text is quoted in the same type of quote (single or double) as is used twice in a row, it acts as an escape as well).
